Four Basic Principles of Kanban:
1. Start with what you do now
2. Agree to pursue incremental change
3. Respect current process, roles, responsibilities, titles
4. Encourage acts of leadership at all levels



Kanban Board:
The Kanban Board have 3 columns and a bunch of cards
The columns are:
To do:
Have all cards with various tasks that need to be done

Doing:
Have all cards with tasks that are being worked on

Done:
Have all cards with tasks that have being finished

Cards:
Cards contain details about the task that needs to be done, and also have all details about the person doing the task, with information about dates and times of when the task was created, when was in progress and when it was done



Six General Practices of Kanban:
1. Visualize the workflow
2. Limit work in progress (WIP)
3. Manage flow
4. Make policies explicit
5. Implement feedback loops
6. Collaborate for improvement, evolve experimentally



Key Metrics:
Lead Time:
It's the full extent of a task, from the moment the task was created, to the moment the task is moved in the kanban board to done

Cycle Time:
It's the amount of time it took from "doing" to "finished".

These key metrics are important to get information about the team in general, with these key metrics you can see if there's any bottlenecks, if cycles are too long, why they are too long, if there's too many tasks in progress, etc.



Kanban Swimlanes:
Swimlanes are grouped tasks based on similarities. These are lines that go horizontally through the entire Kanban board, and they can exist based on priority, on who is taking care of what, what department is responsible for which lane, it all depends on how that project or organization handles these lines.

For instance, a Kanban board might have 3 swimlanes, one for development, one for marketing and one for design, in this example all tasks in the development swimlane would be handled by the development team, so that means the other teams don't need to lose their time looking into tasks that belong to the development lane.
